alrighty coming back with a couple late
breaks I had to get caught up there so
sorry for the wait guys got Daniel Chris
and anal an eel I'll take a ni o Neal
this is your break right here you will
get this one shipped of brand new
rookies and stars 10 11 and you asked
for box number 43 on the upper deck to
get forward let me know if you get
anything major at Emile Rocky's installs
packages here your buddy these little is
like they were sticking yesterday up
your own pace for a hot box Austin Daye
got one yesterday right out of the gate
and number two 570 immortals Terry
Porter and base basically it's all day
from them the Bologna is where the hits
wrap right in the middle of no hot box
Darren Collinson 3d Russell Westbrook
Canada grant and Jordan then base
double star rookie Dante Cunningham
gerald Henderson base the one summer's
Dominic Wilkins upper deck and Jordan
and bass Danny Green lebron james and
michael jordan and bass and one here's
Eric Maynor and a number 2 400 Juwan
Howard Jersey and immortals Joe Dumars
base autograph jason Thompson sophomore
sensations Blake Griffin and James
Johnson are the rookies
Patrick Beverley and Jordan answer
already second stacks empty we have Omri
Casspi rupee and number 2 150 deshawn
stevenson Baron Davis double jersey dino
radja and base stealer wasn't a little
fun man Terrance Williams Paul Pierce
and Michael Jordan double rookie Ricky
Rubio d'marie Carol and bass kind of if
we get another hit or not Michael Jordan
Dhawan relay out in base Stephan curry
AJ price and
Nick thesis gilbert arenas and gilbert
arenas michael jordan where the neil
getting down to immortals michael cooper
and patrick Mills is the ricky face last
pack buddy let's take out all the hits
kevin garnett zoom holiday michael
jordan and face okie doke buddy there
you have it let me know if you get
something big out of that important but
i'll get these out tonight they'll go
first thing in morning see ya